My favorite part.
No, no, no, no, no, you can't see her before the wedding.
It's bad luck, bad luck, out, long.
Do you mind if I have a private moment with Charlotte?
Okay, you've seen him already.
So I guess it's okay.
Are you really that unwilling to marry me?
Listen, Erin, you might be the Bolton heir now,
but you were always just my bodyguard.
It's not too late.
If you're unwilling, I have no choice
than to marry Caroline.
She's sitting out there right now.
Stop daydreaming, Erin.
The Welch and Bolton families have decided it has to be me.
Okay?
Do you have any feelings for me whatsoever?
Do you have any memory of what you've put me through?
Don't be so naive, Erin.
This marriage is a collaboration between two families.
It's for mutual interest, not love.